Article 1:
Title: Lebron Wants Curry To Join Lakers
Text: NBA Twitter was abuzz Tuesday when ESPN's Brian Windhorst made an off-the-cuff comment on "The Hoop Collective" podcast that LeBron James was starting to recruit Steph Curry to join the Los Angeles Lakers should the Warriors star become a free agent after next season. "I thought it was hilarious over All-Star Weekend -- LeBron praising Steph up and down,' Windhorst said. "LeBron obviously has begun the recruiting of Steph in the event he wouldn't extend, and that somehow he would become a free agent." Curry has one year remaining on his current contract, but he is expected to sign an extension with the Warriors this off season. President of basketball operations Bob Myers could only laugh at the latest nugget in the 24/7 NBA rumor mill, and doesn't read much into the idea that James will lure Curry to the Los Angeles. "I mean, we're never going to stop hearing this. It doesn't matter if the guy signs an extension or not anymore," Myers told The Athletic's Tim Kawakami on "The TK Show" podcast. "Whether it's one of our guys or any guy, the drumbeat never stops. It's what people want, the rumors of the NBA, especially because you have such high-profile players, it's a little bit like they are celebrities and people can't get enough of rumors and gossip. I think rumors like that or any rumors about a great player will always be there as long as the player is great. All we can do is make our place of work somewhere people can show up and feel like they can compete. "I think Steph has felt like we have given him a really good chance in his career and time with us to succeed individually and team-wise and that's what we are going to keep trying to do. So I don't really -- you talk about my own sanity, I don't really give those things much credence or else I would have to get out of the business. Because that's today's rumor. They'll be another one tomorrow and the next day. I would say I think Steph is happy and I think he's in a good place and I think things are going to be fine with him."



Article 2:
Title: Tom Brady’s First Game with Bucs Ends In Loss at New Orleans
Text: Drew Brees and Tom Brady, the two leading passers in NFL history, couldn’t muster vintage performances in the first NFL game featuring two starting quarterbacks in their 40s. But while Brees avoided game-turning mishaps with an offence he’s led since 2006, Brady suffered some costly cross-ups with his new team. Brady threw two interceptions in his Tampa Bay debut, Alvin Kamara scored touchdowns running and receiving, and the New Orleans Saints beat the Buccaneers 34-23 on Sunday. “I made some just bad, terrible turnovers,” Brady said. “I obviously have got to do a lot better job.” The first of Brady’s interceptions led to Kamara’s 6-yard touchdown run. The second pick thrown by the new, 43-year-old Bucs QB — who left the New England Patriots in free agency after 20 years and six Super Bowl triumphs — was returned 36 yards for a touchdown by Janoris Jenkins. “Win the turnover battle like we did, have a turnover for a touchdown, you’re a 90-something per cent winner in those games,” Saints coach Sean Payton said. ”Just a lot of things happened in that game that despite how you play, those things can help you win games. The energy and effort I was pleased with.” The 41-year-old Brees passed for 160 yards and two TDs. He did not turn the ball over and took only one sack. His first TD pass was a dump-off to Kamara from 12 yards out. In the fourth quarter he hit free-agent signing Emmanuel Sanders for a 5-yard score. “I’d probably say I played awful,” Brees said. “Certainly, we are used to playing at a much higher level offensively and especially in the passing game. So, we’ll get that back on track.” Still, Brees found satisfaction in beating Brady’s Bucs.

Article 3:
Title: Topps Is Releasing Official NFT Baseball Cards
Text: Major League Baseball has announced its latest move to cash in on the NFT craze: official blockchain-based versions of classic Topps baseball cards. Topps is selling the new NFT baseball cards through the WAX blockchain, which the company has used for its earliest blockchain-based collectibles. The first “Series 1” cards will be sold starting on April 20th, with 50,000 standard packs (containing six cards for $5) and around 24,000 premium packs (offering 45 cards for $100) set to be sold in the first wave. Topps is also offering a free “exclusive Topps MLB Opening Day NFT Pack” to the first 10,000 users who sign up for email alerts for new releases. It’s a similar idea to the NBA’s white-hot Top Shot NFTs, which offer fans purchasable video clips (called Moments) in card-like packs. Top Shot Moments are already a massive business — some have sold for upwards of $200,000, and more than 800,000 accounts have yielded over $500 million in sales so far. And while the Topps baseball cards won’t be full-fledged videos like Top Shot Moments, the company is planning to take advantage of the digital nature of the NFT cards by adding things like animated backgrounds or holographic effects on rarer cards. It’s not the MLB’s first dip into cryptocurrency, either: the league has experimented with Ethereum-based blockchain bobbleheads in its MLB Champions game, too. The Topps cards promise a more traditional style of collectible, however. Topps’ collectible baseball cards have been around for decades and bring a level of name recognition and respectability to the world of collectibles that other NFT efforts may lack. But it’ll still have to convince fans that the digital versions of those cards are a sound investment and not just a bubble that’s waiting to burst.

Article 4: 
Title: Conor McGregor Claims UFC 264 Fight Is Off
Text: UFC superstar Conor McGregor trashed Dustin Poirier in a Twitter post and said that their fight at UFC 264 is not going to happen now. On Sunday night, Poirier took to his social media to reveal that Team McGregor never made good on its promise of a $500,000 donation to “The Good Fight Foundation.” In January, McGregor agreed to pay the money after their fight at UFC 257, and McGregor’s manager even confirmed the money was sent. Poirier, however, says his team never saw the money, and McGregor later said that he didn’t send the cash because they wanted a detailed list of where the money would go before sending it. Poirier, in turn, alleges that Team McGregor ghosted him and stopped responding to his emails about the money. On Monday, McGregor showed how upset he is with the whole situation. In a scratching social media post, McGregor trashed Poirier and said their fight at UFC 264 is off now. McGregor clearly is not happy that Poirier took their discussions about the charity money public. For McGregor, it’s a bad look not to give the money promised to the charity. Even if he does want a detailed list of what the money will do, which is completely understandable, it’s confusing for fans when his own team was the one who said the money was sent. It will be interesting to see if McGregor cools down and if the fight can remain intact after all. If not, it looks like McGregor already has some other names in mind to fight on July 10th. Do you think Conor McGregor and Dustin Poirier will figure out the money and the fight will go on?

Article 5:
Title: FIFA Plans to Order Release of Players Over Clubs’ Objections
Text: After weeks of indecision and discussion, FIFA is planning to order soccer clubs to release players who have been called up for World Cup qualification games next week, a move that is likely to lead to a furious backlash from teams, leagues and player unions fearful of the risks of international travel during the coronavirus pandemic. The FIFA demand will come after weeks of unsuccessful talks to find a compromise that addresses concerns about committing players to intercontinental travel amid a global rise in virus cases, and will apply most notably to South American national teams eager to recall their overseas-based players for the first round of qualifying matches for the 2022 World Cup. In a meeting last week, an alliance of leagues, Europe’s top club association and the global players union FIFPro pressed FIFA to relax its rules on player release for next month’s games, which will take place on Oct. 8 through Oct. 13. FIFA, according to three people with knowledge of the matter, plans to accede to demands that players not be compelled to play in exhibition or friendly matches, but it will enforce release requirements for the first round of South America’s World Cup qualification games and for matches in Europe’s Nations League. The decision will require clubs to release dozens of European- and North American-based athletes as soon as this weekend for what their teams and unions argue are risky trips that could force them — because of quarantine rules — to miss club games once they return. The dispute also could set the scene for a major confrontation between FIFA and the wealthy clubs that employ the world’s best players. Clubs and leagues have long chafed about having little say over the release for national team action of players whom they spend millions of dollars to employ.

Article 6:
Title: Canucks Move On From Gaudette
Text: The Vancouver Canucks do not know if Matthew Highmore will turn into a player who can help them. But Monday’s trade was proof the National Hockey League team is confident Adam Gaudette will never be the player they wanted him to be. On a surprisingly active trade deadline day for Vancouver, Canucks general manager Jim Benning started to position the team for next season with three minor deals, including a giveaway of Gaudette to the Chicago Blackhawks. The Hawks acquired the former Hobey Baker Trophy winner and last season’s 33-point forward for spare forward Highmore, an undrafted free agent out of junior hockey who had a good playoff in the Edmonton bubble last summer but was a healthy scratch in nine of his final 12 games in Chicago. He has two assists in 24 games this season. A year younger than Highmore and more established at the NHL level, Gaudette, 24, has just four goals and seven points in 33 games, a season after the forward from Braintree, Mass., had 12 goals and 33 points in 59 games. But his “breakthrough season” ended with 10 pointless games in the playoffs, where Gaudette became a healthy scratch. The Canucks were convinced the defensive holes in his game were not going to allow him to be a reliable bottom-six contributor. “To be quite honest, we expected him to take another step this year,” Benning told reporters during an online press conference. “He has played alright for us, but we were expecting after the season he had last year, we were expecting him to come in and take another step (and) we didn't really feel like he did that. Now, maybe a change of scenery, he can get that back. “He's a guy that we drafted, we spent a lot of time with him in development, we gave him a chance (and) he scored some big goals for us. The thing, you know, that I think we may miss from him is he's got a good release on his shot and he can score from the outside. But I think overall, looking at his two-way game and stuff, we just felt like Matthew Highmore plays a more complete two-way game. Both players get a fresh start, and we'll see where it goes.”

Article 7:
Title: Woods Builds Momentum With 66 In Final Round
Text: When you claim you “hit the ball better ... putted better ... (and that) everything was just cleaner and better,” and you’re still sitting 16 strokes out of the lead, well, it sort of magnifies how poorly the previous rounds had gone. No argument there from Tiger Woods, whose closing 5-under 66 in Sunday’s final round of THE NORTHERN TRUST made his exit from TPC Boston a little merrier and provided a little more enthusiasm for next week’s FedExCup Playoff, the BMW Championship. “Today,” said Woods, “was good all the way around.” Indeed, the numbers support that, as he hit 10 of 14 fairways, 16 of 18 greens, and while he would have preferred to have taken fewer than 31 putts, he did make 100 feet of them. That was a vast improvement from Friday (68 feet) and Saturday (45 feet) when he scored poorly, rounds of 71 and 73 digging a massive hole that left him a whopping 21 strokes behind Dustin Johnson through three rounds. Not that a round of 66 was going to be called an instant classic, because in this week of deep red numbers, a 5 under effort was ordinary. Indeed, three pairings later, Kevin Na matched the 66, then came a 65 by Troy Merritt and 63 by Robby Shelton. In other words, the 66 wasn’t going to open much room for Woods, who started the day 67th and was still tied for 55th after signing for 6-under 278. More to his concern, he knew he was going to lose ground in the FedExCup standings. Having come into the week 49th, Wood was projected to be 55th at the close of his round and while his definitive place will be determined after all the scores are in, he took ownership of his dilemma. “I wish I would have played a little bit better this week to make it a little bit easier on me next week to try and get into East Lake,” said Woods, who qualifies for the BMW Championship for being Top 70 and would need to be Top 30 to make it into the TOUR Championship. But, regardless of how he performed here these last four days, Woods knows if he plays well at the BMW Championship and gets into the TOUR Championship, “it’s going to be a busy stretch, either way.” Of course, he is factoring in the U.S. Open, scheduled for September 17-20 at Winged Foot, though it was another U.S. Open he was asked about. Namely, the 2003 edition, because it was at Olympia Fields some 30 miles south of Chicago and it hardly rates as a memorable experience. “I haven’t been there since the (U.S.) Open, so I need to get back there and take a look at the golf course and see the changes they have made.” It was his seventh U.S. Open as a professional, and he had already won the major twice. But at Olympia Fields he labored to a share of 20th place – at the time his worst finish as a pro in the national championship. He required 147 strokes on the weekend (75-72) and only three times in the 16 U.S. Open where he’s made the cut as a pro has Woods shot higher in Rounds 3 and 4. “I didn’t like the rough,” said Woods. “It was one of the weeks I kept laying the club down (translation: he just wedged out of rough all week). Hopefully, it will be a little bit better this week.”